it's a little backstory you're seeing a
guy you're not sure how he feels about
feels about you well we came up with all
of the signs to help you guys out what
was what was your first hint that I
really was that I really was that into
you what was your food and what was my
first tip that you were really that into
me I mean you know we have you and I
both where people who have like barriers
to entry we're like there's no I mean
okay I know like you don't have as long
a dating history as me but still it's
like you can't really date me unless you
pass over a threshold or a Barrett entry
where you're super serious and super
into me and I think that would be true
for you too
right like in ways both visible and
invisible so yeah on the first date it
was already as serious as cancer yeah
yeah so for I have we I don't know if we
ever stated I suppose before like one of
the first things you said to me like
after high was I'm gonna marry you yeah
I think like I don't know if even said
hi before that like you know like I
walked if you I kissed you and hugged
you it was a long kiss and a long hug
and you said in my ear I'm gonna marry
you so I think that might be the first
like you might have made like a little
squealing noise before that I don't
think you actually said hello you're
just barely in your twenties you're
running out of your toys from women in
their 20s what about me YouTube yeah
you're 25 years old today what do you do
you worked on your own education and
career
you bought [ __ ] Aristotle out of the
bookstore but you another book some of
the books are for me today but some of
the books for you some were about baking
they were not trivial books on baking
you got some stuff on politics and
philosophy wasn't one of the books on
China free oh we order UK but we ordered
a book they didn't have in stock yeah
yeah so we got some stuff on
contemporary ball but hey you're in your
20s like what
when does life get serious you know I
mean something okay look let's keep it
over it once in a while you do offer me
an excuse but I'm only 25 you've done
that yeah you've done that you've done
that more than zero times yeah but like
what people still join the army at like
16 right now it's like we're all dealing
with life-and-death stuff
you know from from 16 forward something
like that anyway it's hard it's hard but
I thought you know sir I was gonna do a
separate video on this but you know I
got a question on what does it mean to
be an intellectual what does it mean to
be an intellectual now in 2018 to be a
man of letters now but for me part of
that is not not making excuses I think a
lot of it is about the excuses you don't
make for yourself yeah like this is the
advice that I feel like every girl
sometimes needs to hear we're like your
big sisters if you feel like Nina and
Rand are your big sisters yeah you
should subscribe and post yeah yes I
sometimes I do just feel like because I
didn't have any sisters I just don't
relate to a lot of yeah that's stuff I
see on YouTube okay just like a lot of
you know a lot of girls that I interact
with ira questioning this though too in
like religious texts and like buddhist
philosophy when people talked about
Brotherhood in relation between brothers
and cousins and stuff in some languages
the same way we say brotherly love they
talk about cousinly love where's
Lincoln's in some other languages that's
like you know like a lot of people feel
intense jealousy towards their sisters
you know like a lot of people feel Envy
in competitive feelings and you know
like it's true what you say you didn't
have any sisters yeah what if you did I
can imagine that bringing a lot of
really different dynamics into your life
- yeah no like it's it's not all it's
not all positive I was the youngest of
my father's nine kids and about all I
got was envy and hatred directed towards
me you know from the older the older so
it was a lot of them were really envious
for what I had or what they imagined I
had or
you know a lot of things so I just
mentioned it's not you know what is
brotherly love I think it's it's deeply
flawed and dangerous like a lot of forms
did you know I think you weren't with me
when I saw that you remember I once got
a defensive pet ownership that way where
a person who wrote in to me defending
pet ownership saying like yeah like pet
ownership is like exploitative and
flawed and like you know destructive but
so is all love so it's okay yeah I mean
it's kind of sweet and poetic and
touching but it's also really [ __ ] up
it's like yes so is oh love but you know
like Melissa when you fell in love with
me you didn't take me to get castrated
and declawed and keep me in a cage the
first clear sign that he doesn't want to
date you is when he hits you up past
10:00 p.m.
oh yeah if he'd call well if he hits you
a past 10:00 p.m. and it's like you
don't really know each other that well I
mean if you feel like if you know the
person well and that happens it's not as
big of a deal I'll keep telling myself
that now you know when you meet someone
and like you've been together for a week
and then you rent an apartment and move
in together you start by Richard
apartment no I remember one time you
realized screaming we're talking about
getting yeah surely yes yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah well you know right so there
there were gendered expectations there
if a woman does it to a man like I guess
you're supposed to be flattered but I'm
not you know I have a friend I won't
I won't say his name but you know I have
a friend who works in hotels so he's a
man working in hotels and I could see he
was shaken up by that he was shaken up
by women like in the hotel just straight
up booty calling him as he said he said
to me women treating him like he was a
[ __ ] where he was you know you can see
he was shaken up but like you know you
wondered maybe the first time it
happened to him he felt flattered but
then like it actually sunk in that it
was kind of disturbing and Exploited
ever stuff but yeah maybe it was the
tenth time I don't know what I've never
asked him that but you can see like
sincerely he was he was shaken up about
it like you know but yeah the woman
giving a booty call to a man yeah it's a
bit of a different thing
second sign that he's not that into you
is if he doesn't introduce you to his
friends or his parents so my parents are
coming to town
oh really yeah stoked to be so fun no
see I'll be here for a few days
really Getti the beach so I'll see you
next week sometime yeah yeah that dude
that dude's got it going on
you know this one gets misread in a lot
of different ways I remember explaining
it to my Chinese teacher that in the
West I think it's fundamentally because
most people hate their parents in
Western culture that once you've met the
other person's parents that's really
today like being married to them that's
the big high commitment thing is is
meeting the parents and the Chinese
culture it's not only that at all like
in Chinese culture fair often you meet
the parents before you meet the person
you're dating or around the same time
when you first start dating when it's
not serious so it's not like that big
step up like oh now you've met her
parents yeah but he gets perceived the
other way - right like there was this
German girl I kind of sort of dated
briefly but just by coincidence you know
her parents were coming into town right
at that time so I met her parents have
spent the present I knew look I knew it
was perceived that was like oh like you
know like I spent quality time with her
parents like we went out to dinner
together and stuff we spent time in time
thanks I was speaking German - yeah host
my viability and languages it's kind of
weird but I was I was actually
conversing with her parents in German
but I know everyone was like perceiving
this like whoa you guys are moving on to
marriage fast kind of thing and it was
like nope we've been on two dates I
don't I don't really know her like that
he should be proud to introduce you to
his friends and and proud to introduce
you to his parents because obviously
those are important people in his life
and if he's showing you off to his
friends and his family that is you're
important but if he's not doing that I
know there's more than one thing because
you can be ashamed of your parents I
know what's I know it's stupid to take
this video that seriously but you can
feel ashamed your parents I don't want
you to meet my parents
yeah and I think that's even more true
with not like if the girl doesn't want
the guy to meet her friends like you may
not be super proud of your friends the
reaction she's gonna have to your your
boyfriend you know what I mean like yeah
mm sometimes when people turn
that you from their family it's not a
lot of people with really troubled
troubled and troubling families white I
know I well but don't you think it's I
mean sorry we're not our relationship
you know you had not seen your mom gray
15 years that's right yeah I said that
to lure him in a minute with more on the
other day I was like oh yeah another
really funny thing about my relationship
with Melissa
is that like now like I talked to my mom
and a regular basis like Jamila says in
effect been a catalyst for me and my mom
like no I can't say me and my mom have
patched up our relationship but we do
put more portion to our deeply flawed
estranged relationship is now more
accurate previously like you know you
went 15 years without speaking right
yeah we didn't see each other face to
face face to face for 15 years I did
keep in touch there about practical
things like jobs and you know stuff like
that like you know but no but didn't
tell ya I wouldn't like I didn't expect
knowing knowing about this right I
expect to meet her you know right yeah
but you know that's there comes up in a
lot of my videos of a veganism and you
know vegan ethics and stuff is you know
just the idea of doing the best you can
and that's part of me I was like well
what's what can I do here that's
positive you know how could I make a
pause there to do something positive
with limited you know where sources or
options over time is a doing the best
you can but just because he does show
you to his parents and his friends that
still doesn't mean he's in doesn't mean
he's in time flies that yeah like oh my
parents are coming to town I want you to
meet my parents and then you think like
oh okay like this is maybe this is a
thing and
it's still not a thing third sign he's
not that into you is even hanging out
and seeing each other and then you're
not each other's Valentines it's like
the day you find out that you're single
happy single where you guys I know
people always joking Oh like Valentine's
Day took the worst day for singles like
no it's the worst day for people that
find out that they're single long like
you're dating someone in the divalent
say you find out like oh no no I gave my
card to Becky like oh yeah yeah I'm
dating you but she's my Valentine like
what I've never heard of that like I
have never even heard yes I guess like I
gave my Valentine okay right so I guess
that's also part of the like false youth
of being like 29 on YouTube like these
girls are is talking about things as if
you're still in high school when you're
really not when that kind of that kind
of high school thing is really a lot of
people just live in extended high school
yeah sure if you look you grow up when
you want to you mature when you want to
you take on responsibilities maybe wants
it with no sooner right getting getting
older is not getting wiser yeah I know
there are some people that have
relationships they don't see each other
that often but still like you know yeah
I know I cannot I cannot imagine that
Center but also but remember I date
women who are like really attracted to
me
right I know that sounds like you know
but the point is it's not that there
aren't women around you or lukewarm
about me but the point is I don't date
people who are just a little bit into me
like that's the topic of this you know I
date the tiny minority of women who are
really really really attracted to me I
got a specimen right here so yeah uh
yeah but anyway that's implicitly part
of the point of this video is the art of
only dating people who really want to be
dating you sign number four I'm not that
into you he introduces you
as his friend when you and him know very
well that your know it's like ah my
other friend
I don't can you do this to all your
friends I just kiss my guy friends oh
yeah this is my friend Randa oh hey any
comment I think this is their best video
ever
like most their videos are really
terrible they put some thought and
effort into this man like Nina and Randa
thereon though they're on the way out
they got costumes they got a script they
got a lot going for them I don't know
we're gonna finish watching this video I
think we'll read but uh that's that's
really culturally different though you
know like I'm okay in black urban
african-american culture a lot of the
time that yeah this is my friend like
that's you know yeah he was my friend
I was his friend have you had that well
yeah right right right right but you
know I don't know it's it's a different
than why I told you in French the whole
[ __ ] French lady yumoto lead that
crazy anecdote about that the whole
French you know culture like and the
story is to jump to the punchline
this woman is hitting on me and I'm
sitting next to my wife now my ex-wife
and you know she seems shocked it dawns
on her that like the woman I'm holding
hands with and kissing is not just some
stranger or whatever you know and she's
shocked and she says Oh in French said
oh I didn't realize your eyes old friend
and that's it in French it's just friend
and other people at the table laughed
and the guy who invited us there said no
she's not his friend she's his wife you
know but you know a lot of language is
even just within Europe you know friend
and just saying woman like in German
this is my woman like that's it you know
so anyway not to take this too seriously
but I think they're ours I think there
are real issues of language and culture
and dialect there but yeah what does it
mean I mean with most relationships like
there's no commitment anyway so a lot of
the time I don't know maybe there's not
a lot more to say than just friend and
then when he does text you he's like
like want to come over and it's like
10:00 p.m. and you're like are you
kidding me are you serious I'll be there
in five
Oh sighing that he's not that into you
he just wants to get you drunk that
happened to me oh that's the word oh my
god you're like no that's I don't even
know you like why do you want me to be a
drunk you you're doing cause he's
lacking in person I don't like to drink
which brings us to the next side he only
wants to Netflix and chill this tells
you a lot about their bleak lives in Los
Angeles I like I'm not I don't know I'm
not hating the player I'm hating the
game I don't think I get this whole
video I was good you know the advice
from you never end it could take but you
know best Nina and random video ever I
banish Yin ten signs that he's nothing
thank you cuz we have to cheers now
she's nice and cuddly no yeah we got
there we got the new oh the new arrivals
in the apartment coming in day by day
tomorrow we got some new we got some new
tables and desks or evanora